what is going on guys it's awesome ass
here today's video is going to start off
with a wonderful clean little quadfeed
badda-bing there you go MSR recently
I've been playing Kill Confirmed a set
of drops on a ground war I don't know
what it is about it it's just I don't
know it's just a lot more casual I do
like playing casual but today's video is
about a topic about a stolen video I can
say it was stolen kind of shady
situation it's kind of you know it's
exciting for you guys but it's also I
don't know when it happened at the time
it wasn't cool so the gameplay the
background you're watching is a Kill
Confirmed MSR gameplay with a MOAB I
don't even realize i got a MOAB so I got
the quad feed there and then I died
later on and then later on I just keep
on shrieking which is cool I I wasn't
even like intentionally going for them
oh I was just started going around
killing people um so a stolen video if
you guys remember all the way like back
in the day me and blur p miam blur p did
iridescent one and two so me I wanted to
eat ernesta three and what iridescent
three was actually supposed to be
exposed to be a duel Taj between me and
phase cross and was called alliance with
me and every duel Taj and I suppose to
be headed by SLP but back in the day the
only reason it was called alliances
because I was still an optic at the time
so I was off of commodities and phase
cross and that was going to be the first
like actual video like between cross
clans I was going to happen but then you
know a good problem came up and i joined
faze and then we couldn't really call it
a lot anymore i kind of want to do my
own you know i'm doing 3 montage and
then so i did it and it was it was that
that's probably a big reason as to why i
blew up to be honest because my
introducing went up and that was on my
16th birthday which is actually a while
it's almost three years ago so
introducing went up and then like a week
and a half later to two weeks this
iridescent 39 minute mw3 montage was up
a face clan the next thing you know all
the job is like whoa what is this kid
doing like this guy just had an
introduced in like two weeks ago and
next thing you know there's a nine
minute montage oh so it was actually a
lot more complicated than that so back
in the day we didn't really use Dropbox
between me and blurry we just sort of
uploaded videos unlisted2u tube and that
was back when I like I would upload
overnight because my internet
just so slow and i just uploaded that
night before I went to sleep that's how
I stayed active a lot of the times when
i came to black ops 2 but since we
uploaded unlisted we would sort of share
between our clothes like little circle
of friends and then i'm going i didn't i
didn't link it to anyone i don't think i
think i kept it between me blar p but
blood be uploaded unlisted and that's
kind of how things i could share a lot
so if you don't know what at home listen
link is your the only way you can wash
it is it you have a link to it you can't
wash it like in the sub box or anything
like that you get the link you can watch
the video so someone actually had the
nerve to watch the video Auden unlisted
and keep it it and then upload it to
their channel and then all these other
community channels are in the cod
community they started uploading my
video and it was iridescent 3 and it was
just it was a shitty situation but it
was also like it built up a lot more
hype around the video i guess um at the
time I was with machinima and machinima
did a good job I've taken down the video
from all these channels and gave them a
couple strikes because just like how
dare you steal this video that isn't
yours I mean they kind of deserved that
they had a common but that's kind of how
it was back in the day it was just such
a nerve-racking thing to have one of my
videos leaked like that and what a video
that we spent a while on and we had a
trailer for everything and it was it was
exciting I think it builds up a little
bit more hype around it and it's crazy
how an unlisted link could lead to a
stolen video and people was trying to
claim that there's and then you know
they weren't even like linking the
artists and all that don't even linking
like my channel or blood be channel all
that there was a it was definitely an
experience to be had so I actually had a
lot more experiences like that but um
like about the catalyst that was pretty
stressful but either way hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you guys did leave
a thumbs up because related for feminist
subscribing i also have a second channel
it's in the description below where i
will be uploading malicious videos
throughout the time it won't be active
every single day they'll just be active
when I want it to be so I'm actually
playing a possible game on it soon so
subscribe to that and leave some
feedback I'm awesome smash and I will
see you guys later